New quarter with CT120!! YAYYY!!

Feelings going into the quarter: I was scared tbh. CT20 wasnt necessarily hard, it was just a super different way of thinking, and required attention to detail which i do not jave. Either
way, I passed with an A and completed my goal of fully finishing each project set up. I actually really like this new quarter with the weekly practices, I feel like it will def keep my 
inertia for this class up and allows me to practice different things, but honestly I am a little scared about them just because my weeks this quarter are so busy and it takes me a long
time to grasp new concepts. But i will do my best and move forward. 

Week 1: Tuesday was cool going over the syllabus, I like the layout for the new class and was actually really excited for the first week assignment because I really wanted to go back and
upgrade my Project #3. A little nervous for how much I can do with it because my Saturday is fully booked and sunday i have like an 8hr practice, but once again, I will do my best! Thursday
was nice. i really liked the review, but got a little scared because I got pretty lost at a certain point so what i did was just look at what I did know the professor was doing or the familiar
lines of code on the screen, and worked my way from there. Something is always better than nothing. When we split into breakout rooms i actually got to talk to professor about the little 
bugs in my code and he very quickly pointed out they were small mistakes and nothing to be worried about. I am a little worried though, for like 2 weeks the only thing missing was a comma 
[Skull Emoji]

Here is some code I updated for the first weekly assignment:

 push();
    stroke(C);
    strokeWeight(thickness);

    line(50, y, 550, y);
    pop();
    y += 11;
  Push and pop were in order to remove the blue border around my contour shape, Stern recomended this over a noStroke(color) because apparently it runs the code better? IDK how but I trust
him.
I obviously added more JSON data, heres some of it,
